This file contains ideas for my website.

The goal is to balance simplicity, creativity, and effectively providing information.

Idea #1
	One page website. Scrolling down will take you through each of the planets, each containing a different section with information about me.
	Each planet will also have a fun fact so people can learn about the planets! Sort of fix two bugs with one line of code.
	Graphics should be cartoony ish, with an animated version of me and a spaceship and unique features of each planet

Mercury: Welcome! Site information
	Planet: small, gray
	Sky: in rocket above surface, looking at a magnetic storm
	Fun Fact: Mercury has magnetic tornadoes
	Notes: 

Venus: Who am I? What do I care about?
	Planet: cloudy, hot, yellow-ish
	Sky: flying above clouds in spaceship
	Fun Fact: Temperatures on the surface are hot enough to melt Lead (because of a runaway greenhouse effect)
	Notes: What I care about should be not letting planet Earth's greenhouse effect get out of hand like here

Earth: About Me
	Planet: earth like
	Sky: standing on surface smiling
	Fun Fact: Earth, moon, and Sun alternate names
	Notes: Throw in a Pale Blue Dot reference :)

Mars: Future Goals
	Planet: orangish red
	Sky: standing on surface next to Curiosity
	Fun Fact: Mars has polar ice caps, like Earth
	Notes: I hope to help company put spacecraft/humans here

Small Band for Asteroid Belt:
	Fun Fact: Asteroids are VERY far apart, unlike in typical space movies
	Notes: size of asteroids

Jupiter: Experience
	Planet: typical jupiter, large
	Sky: 
	Fun Fact: Ganymede and Europa are thought to have subsurface liquid water oceans!
	Notes: Exploring the moons of Jupiter is my main goal for space exploration

Saturn: Projects
	Planet: typical Saturn, large and beautiful rings
	Sky: EVA near rings
	Fun Fact: Titan is the only moon with a dense atmosphere
	Notes: 

Uranus: Volunteer Work
	Planet: lovely light blue teal-ish color
	Sky: Flying in spaceship
	Fun Fact: Uranus's rotation is tilted nearly 90 degrees. Its "North Pole" would be where Earth's equator is
	Notes: Show Uranus's rings

Neptune: Skills
	Planet: deep beautiful blue
	Sky: Flying in spaceship
	Fun Fact: Neptune has the strongest winds at up to 1,300 mph (2,100 kmph or 580 m/s)
	Notes: Triton orbits opposite Neptune's rotation

Pluto: Contact Me
	Planet: pluto colors, with dark "heart"
	Sky: cold, standing on surface
	Fun Fact: Pluto's surface appears to be recently geologically active, perhaps even still active today!
	Notes: maybe have New Horizons flying by?

